BabaFrame - Stacking images ontop of eachother shows one ontop another
Outcome - Only the top one is shown.
Solution - Completely rewrote the code for the frame, as it wasnt working at all, especially after moving from java 8->java 16->20

BabaFrame crashes when things are displayed at x=0, or y=0, and x/y=1 are at the corners
Solution - shift everything by one x and one y positive, making it work.

When doing (noun) is (noun), the walkingcycle and rotation properties are carried over with it, resulting in Babas that cannot walk and are stuck facing right, and walls that crash the game.
Expected - When wall is baba, resulting babas are able to rotate and walk.
Outcome - Babas do not rotate or walk, like walls.
Solution - Move the code for walkingcycle and rotation allowed from levelcreator into BabaFrame.Filefinder

Expected - When something is sink, it deletes all objects on a tile
Outcome - only deletes the object that is sink
Solution - If its the last object in z position, check if the objects should be sunk, and delete them.

Expected - When running onto something that is hot as something that is melt, the thing that is melt gets deleted
Outcome - Does not delete the melt thing.
Solution - Properties were being changed mid game cycle, and so hot things after the sentence X is hot worked, but things before didnt. Solved by making a temporary variable for properties, then after a game cycle setting that to current.

Expected - when moving to a new level, moves to the next level
Outcome - Moves two levels instead of one (0->2->4)
Solution - Clear properties after moving to next level, as it counts win as the time in the previous level, and when entering the new level. (twice)

Expected - When noun (baba) is noun (wall), transforms all babas into walls
Outcome - All babas turn into walls

Expected - Undo after moving to a new level, nothing happens (if in previous level baba is wall, new level it doesnt happen)
Outcome - No effect

Expected - Mash keyboard, nothing happens besides WASD/Arrow keys/Z/R
Outcome - Did not crash.

Expected - Run through the game, no errors
Outcome - No errors.



